Document view transitions (#158)
hotwired/turbo-site: _source/handbook/02_drive.md

Turbo.session.drive = false
```

## View transitions

In [browsers that support](https://caniuse.com/?search=View%20Transition%20API) the [View Transition API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/View_Transitions_API) Turbo can trigger view transitions when navigating between pages.

Turbo triggers a view transition when both the current and the next page have this meta tag:

```
<meta name="view-transition" content="same-origin" />
```

Turbo also adds a `data-turbo-visit-direction` attribute to the `<html>` element to indicate the direction of the transition. The attribute can have one of the following values:

- `forward` in advance visits.
- `back` in restoration visits.
- `none` in replace visits.

> You can use this attribute to animate the transition between pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this attribute to customize the animations that are performed during a transition:
```

To make it clearer that you don't have to use this attribute, or declare any animations, to get the built-in transition animations.

```css

> html[data-turbo-visit-direction="forward"] #sidebar {
>   animation: fade-in 0.5s ease-out;
> }

Reviewer 2: The following might be more view-transition-y:

```suggestion
html[data-turbo-visit-direction="forward"]::view-transition-old(sidebar):only-child {
  animation: slide-to-right 0.5s ease-out;
}
```
